Added Flows dashboard (#91)
mulesoft/docs-monitoring: modules/ROOT/pages/app-dashboards.adoc

> 

Reviewer: Because I am swamped, I edited the white and green texts only.
If you need me to look at the blue later, please create a JIRA to remind yourself.

Author: I think this whole topic needs attention. I will assess it more critically when this is dropped. I might set up some time to look this over from an IA perspective, as it is getting very bulky.

> Your data is pre-populated and displayed in the built-in dashboards and logs, so no configuration is needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your data is prepopulated and displayed in the built-in dashboards and logs; no configuration is needed.
```

> Built-in dashboards include various pages to view different types of charts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Built-in dashboards include various pages to view different types of charts:
```
End with a colon so that the audience knows it will learn more about "various" and "different types."

Reviewer: BUT...this is WAY too much information for inclusion in a table. A table is intended to be a scannable matrix of related information. Cell entries that are any longer than a sentence or two disqualifies table format.

I will COPYEDIT this as it exists, but I strongly advise that you reorganize this as follows:

```suggestion
Built-in dashboards include the following pages, which in turn are populated by different types of charts:
* Overview
* Inbound
* Outbound
* ....
```
Then make each page its own subtopic, listing and describing the charts.

Table cells should never include sublists, notations, examples, or cross-references. Those are red flags that point you to finding an alternative presentation method.

Author: I agree with you; I will make a JIRA to reorganize this. Alternatively, are footnotes a thing?

* Average response time outbound
* CPU utilization
* Memory utilization
* Thread count

//* Response Time by App: Number of milliseconds (ms) required for each response.

> //* Messages Processed: Number of messages at a given time point.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
//* Messages Processed: Number of messages at a given time.
```

* Total inbound requests
* Average response time inbound
* Average response time by endpoint

> ** Avg: green if response time is under 300ms; yellow if response time is greater than 300ms and lower than 600ms; red if is greater than 600ms

Reviewer: ```suggestion
** Avg: Green if response time is under 300 ms; yellow if response time is greater than 300 ms and lower than 600 ms; red if is greater than 600 ms.
```

Reviewer: In this and all the subsequent ms values: add the space but, more important, how do we account for the actual number in between "under"/"lower than" and "greater than"? 

For example, in the above, what if the value is actually 300 ms on the dot, or 600 ms?

GLOBAL in this topic.

Reviewer: And standardize to "less than" and "greater than." GLOBAL

Author: ```suggestion
** Average: Green if response time is less than 300ms; yellow if response time is greater than 300ms and less than 600ms; red if is greater than 600ms
```

Author: I'll ask dev about greater/less than or equal to. The chances of being exact are probably low given the UoM, but it's worth mentioning.

> ** Max: green if response time is under 300ms; yellow if response time is greater than 300ms and lower than 500ms; red if is greater than 500ms

Reviewer: ```suggestion
** Max: Green if response time is under 300 ms; yellow if response time is greater than 300 ms and lower than 500 ms; red if response time is greater than 500 ms
```

Author: ```suggestion
** Max: Green if response time is less than 300ms; yellow if response time is greater than 300ms and less than 500ms; red if is greater than 500ms
```

> ** Min: green if response time is under 300ms; yellow if response time is greater than 300ms and lower than 600ms; red if is greater than 600ms

Reviewer: ditto prev. edits

Author: ```suggestion
** Min: Green if response time is less than 300ms; yellow if response time is greater than 300ms and less than 600ms; red if is greater than 600ms
```

* Response time graphs (99, 90, 75, and 50 percentile inbound): Measured in milliseconds (ms)
* Maximum response time
* Total inbound calls

> * Slow requests: Total calls where response time > 1000ms

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Slow requests: Total calls in which response time is greater than 1000 ms
```

> The following charts are only available if you are using Unified Agent and have a Titanium subscription to Anypoint Platform:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following charts are available only if you are using Unified Agent and have a Titanium subscription to Anypoint Platform:
```

* Response time graphs (99, 90, 75, and 50 percentile outbound): Measured in milliseconds (ms)
* Total outbound calls - Failed

> The following charts are only available if you are using Unified Agent and have a Titanium subscription to Anypoint Platform:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following charts are available only if you are using Unified Agent and have a Titanium subscription to Anypoint Platform:
```

* Outbound Ports
* Outbound Operations
* Outbound Protocol
* Outbound Endpoints
| *Flows* a|

* Inbound Response Time by Flow: Average inbound response time
* Outbound Response Time by Flow: Average outbound response time
* Inbound Request Volume by Flow: Average number of inbound requests
* Outbound Request Volume by Flow: Average number of outbound requests
* Failures by Flow: Average number of failed inbound requests
* Slow Inbound Requests by Flow: Average number of inbound requests whose response time is greater than 1000 ms
* Slow Outbound Requests by Flow: Average number of outbound requests whose response time is greater than 1000 ms

> * Inbound Response Time by Flow: Average, min, and max inbound response time

Reviewer: Suggest spelling out minimum and maximum in all locations here.

> * Inbound Response Time by Flow: Average, min, and max inbound response time

Author: ```suggestion
* Inbound Response Time by Flow: Average, minimum, and maximum inbound response time
```

> * Outbound Response Time by Flow: Average, min, and max outbound response time

Author: ```suggestion
* Outbound Response Time by Flow: Average, minimum, and maximum outbound response time
```
